# PyBer_Analysis
### Challenge:
---
The aim was to visualize data in such a way to give a birds-eye view of operations for a ride sharing company. In order to create the summary table, I had to assemble to conditional groups and extract the summations that were desired via pivot table. Then the data was seperated in order to visualize the total fare revenue by city type, being the population make up; Rural, Urban, Suburban. In brief, it was clear that the average fare per driver was significantly less in Urban areas, although the volume of rides was much higher, and a large portion of firm revenue is generated in Urban locations. The increased fare is more than likely a result of supply/demand, additionally, people taking ride sharing services in non-urban locations most likely travel longer distances towards locations without enough parking to warrant driving, increasing the costs again.

While performing this analysis, it was difficult to make sure the data frames were indexed correclty, and I had difficulties formatting the time for the x-axis. While putting together the summary table, I found the driver count and average driver fare more difficult than anticipated because it required summing unique city driver count values and appending the averages into a new df to concatenate. I found that taking short breaks whenever I felt fustrated worked well.

The disparities of fare/ride are marginal but it seems like the competition for passengers in Urban areas is steep. If this is driving down fare prices to compete with competitors, that makes sense, but if you want the drivers to have higher employee satisfaction, their pay may play a significant factor. I would also prefer to look into ratios in my analysis rather than nominal numbers, from a logistics perspective, the hope is to increase efficency and that may be more difficult to surmise when not examining percentages. I would also like to know the opperating costs of these drivers, is the fare revenue covering the immense amount of urban drivers? I would like to also know the variance in all three of the city types, and see if the diffrences amoung the groups for city specific analysis.
